Mental illness is so strange. You cant see it, you doubt it is there, no one really seems to believe you, even you don't know if you are being true.

I cant decide if I am responsible for the way I feel. Obviously my overall attitude towards life will impact how I feel, but is it really as simple as just deciding "now I will be positive". That seems to be what everyone else implies when I talk to them about how I feel.

"Every adult has anxiety, that's just part of being an adult." - this statement truly makes me feel small. The struggles I face are common place, yet counter to everyone else, I cant seem to deal with them in any healthy way.

This gives me hope that there must be a toggle I can flip, that will make everything okay ... and I am trying to be as responsible as possible in finding what will toggle this switch.

Time discounts it all though, the longer I take, the more behind I get, behind my peers, behind on life, behind on responsibilities. Amplifying the feelings.

"Being depressed is just a mindset" - something I hear often enough I probably believe it myself. There is no reason why I should feel the way I do, I must be doing something wrong, right?

Surely just feeling bad, when its that manageable, is not a good reason to be a bad participant in society.

And when does support become enabling ? How do I know if the support I receive allows me to live a better life, or if it simply gives me more excuses to "act this way"

All this compiles into a bundle of insecurities I have to deal with, preventing me from enjoying life, performing at work, engaging in relationships, living new experiences.

I simply don't feel good enough to bother others. Unworthy of their time. Stuck to be forever alone, because I don't choose to be better...

I hope one day I can develop good enough dialog to express how I feel or at least have a good enough understanding about why I feel the way I do

- VOID-7Y3SV9