We live with no observer but ourselves. This is not a sitcom where a character from a show goes through a tough time but can be comforted by the fact that there sits an observer sympathizing with them. Witnessing them. 

We sit alone. With our own thoughts. Alone.

I badly want to document my life, for it to mean something. Probably to understand myself, and possibly for others to understand me. Dont I just look for the place to put blame? am I looking for an out. That one thing that allows me to be the mess that I am today.

It'll always be others, it'll never be me.

Who am I to drag others down with me. To abuse and use them such that I can feel better. am I not used to this feeling of lowlyness already? can I not cope with it on my own. Is removing it worth the cost of others picking it up.

There comes a point where I need to be okay. and frankly I feel it unjust to keep placing others in a position of anticipation for that day. It is about time that I just be okay. The thoughts, the feelings, the lack of ... , those are now mine, and mine alone.

This is a toxic mindset, and if more people shared how they felt, I would know I am not alone in this. Yet, it seems like we all just need to "fake it" ... 

Can you ever truly be honest about your emotions to someone, would you even be capable of properly explaining them to someone. 

If I could turn on a switch and be the one everyone wants me to be, and most importantly the person everyone needs me to be, I would. At the cost of any part of myself.

Yet, as old as I am now, I live knowing I could have been that person. I had opportunity to be that person. I say "at any cost I will", yet I am proof that I wont ... because I didnt. 

Its time for me to be okay, at the very least I should carry that within me without burdening others.

{{< youtube "HXcTe7odijI" >}}

- VOID-LG40L2